hi guys hope you're all doing well so
I've got another hole for you today I'm
this one's actually my birthday haul as
you all know I turned 30 this year and I
had a huge celebration in Ghana and then
when I came back here to Australia I'm I
had a joint 30th and 50th with my mom so
yeah lots of presents so I'm just going
to show you a few of the things that I
got all right so I got this really
pretty on photo frame here and it also
came with this here and it smells love
which is actually my Christian name so
yeah these are really cute just to
decorate my room now I also got this
beautiful mint green clutch am I
absolutely love the color is just so
pretty and then I got two necklaces the
first one is really pretty also mint
green one it's very elegant very very
nice and then I got this absolutely
fabulous statement necklace here I
absolutely love this one such a bold
statement piece gorgeous and then I also
got a piece of cloth Ankara cloth um
obviously on my next trip together I
will be making something fabulous out of
this piece and then my friend Gabby um
in NY got me this amazing green midi
skirt I've seen this a lot on the blogs
quite a few people on YouTube also I've
seen rocking it and it's this full
circle skirt high waisted it's quite
long it's got so much drama so much
volume it's really a fabulous skirt and
then my girl got me these amazing
metallic brogues they fit me beautifully
they're so funky their spunky they've
got so much character I absolutely love
these and then she also got me some
contacts now I have a fear of putting
anything in my eye I've always wanted to
try contacts but because I'm so scared
I've never done it so she got me these
contacts without me knowing so basically
I'm going to have to
learn how to put these in because I
really do want to wear them and they're
hazel green contacts so yeah I'm excited
but I'm also nervous about putting these
in and then about a week ago I went to a
store called tempt and I came across
some really cute finds I'm they had
stuff on sale so I picked up a few
things the first one is this cuff bangle
which you will have seen in one of my
outfits of the day it was like four
bucks but I really really like it and
then I finally got one of these perspex
clutches the clear one I've seen them on
the ebay and aliexpress but the price
wasn't grabbing me I got this one sale
for 10 bucks and also this one it
actually opens all the way where's my
other one early opens to about there
it's got the little black bag unit and
it's actually a lot bigger than the one
that I already have so that's a bonus
and then I also picked up these really
cute black and white striped flats these
will also I think ten dollars and
they're just really cute and I really do
have a bit of an obsession with the
oxford style shoes you know the broom so
when I found these um kind of pale blue
ones I had to get them they are just too
cute and they've got the little cutouts
as well and last but not least I got
this from my mom and dad tada can you
guys see that it's a sewing machine so
yeah my mom said she's sick of doing my
alterations for me and I have been
telling her well if I had a sewing
machine I could do it myself because you
know I can do alterations and stuff but
yeah now that I have a sewing machine
i'm definitely going to be teaching
myself how to slow this year and
hopefully i can start making some stuff
so yeah wish me luck but yeah i'm really
excited to you know play around with it
and see what i can actually do and i
also got a bunch of gift cards and also
some cash you know which is never a bad
thing I'd save guys I'm really excited
about some of the things that I got I'll
be styling some of the pieces can't wait
to start sewing thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you in my next
video bye